Updated plotting tutorials and images (#325)
OpenMS/pyopenms-docs: docs/source/datastructures_peak.rst

have already worked with in the `Getting Started <getting_started.html>`_
tutorial.  ``MSSpectrum`` is a container for 1-dimensional peak data (a
container of ``Peak1D``). You can access these objects directly, however it is
faster to use the ``get_peaks()`` and ``set_peaks()`` functions which use Python
numpy arrays for raw data access. Meta-data is accessible through inheritance

> of the ``SpectrumSettings``  objects which handles meta data of a spectrum. 

Reviewer: You might want to use crossreferences to the apidocs:
https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/domains.html#cross-referencing-python-objects

Author: https://github.com/OpenMS/pyopenms-docs/blob/master/docs/source/datastructures_peak.rst

Author: I tried to set up a readthedocs to test this out, but it doesn't take the most recent version, beside build triggering on every push. https://mp-pyopenms-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/datastructures_peak.html

Author: I tried writing `.. py:function:: get_peaks()`, but it didn't work.

First we create a spectrum and insert peaks with descending mass-to-charge ratios: 

.. code-block:: python

>     :linenos:

Reviewer: why no line numbers?

    # Access a peak by index
    print(spectrum[2].getMZ(), spectrum[2].getIntensity())

.. code-block:: output
    500.0 1.0
    600.0 1.0
    700.0 1.0
    800.0 1.0
    900.0 1.0
    1000.0 1.0
    1100.0 1.0
    1200.0 1.0
    1300.0 1.0
    1400.0 1.0
    500.0 1.0
    600.0 1.0
    700.0 1.0
    800.0 1.0
    900.0 1.0
    1000.0 1.0
    1100.0 1.0
    1200.0 1.0
    1300.0 1.0
    1400.0 1.0
    700.0 1.0

> Note how lines 11-12 (as well as line 19) use the direct access to the

Author: I want to include the line numbers, but the preview didn't work with them in it: https://github.com/matteopilz/pyopenms-docs/blob/master/docs/source/datastructures_peak.rst

> Note how lines 11-12 (as well as line 19) use the direct access to the

Reviewer: GitHub does not have full RST support. There will always be issues. The docs are not made to be viewed in GitHub.
I think you will have a much better debugging experience if you build the project and have look at the generated HTML pages:
https://github.com/OpenMS/pyopenms-docs/blob/master/docs/README.md

> Note how lines 11-12 (as well as line 19) use the direct access to the

Reviewer: Why not work on GitPod? gitpod.io#https://github.com/OpenMS/pyopenms-docs/pull/325

    1200.0 1.0
    1300.0 1.0
    1400.0 1.0

    First peak: 500.0 1.0

Note how lines 11-12 (as well as line 19) use the direct access to the
``Peak1D`` objects (explicit iteration through the ``MSSpectrum`` object, which
is convenient but slow since a new ``Peak1D`` object needs to be created each
time).

> The following example uses the faster access through numpy arrays with .. py:function:: get_peaks() or
> .. py:function:: set_peaks(). Direct iteration is only shown for demonstration purposes and should not be used in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses the faster access through numpy arrays with :py:meth:`~.MSSpectrum.get_peaks` or
:py:meth:`~.MSSpectrum.set_peaks`. Direct iteration is only shown for demonstration purposes and should not be used in
```

Per the documentation that I linked:
- .. py.*** is for definitions
- :py:*** is for references
- func is for functions. Those are methods -> meth
- use "~" prefix to not spell the fully qualified name
